fix(docs): add 2020 goals to roadmap (#4442)
strongloop/loopback-next: docs/ROADMAP.md

## 2020 Goals and Focus

> ### Goal#1 - Ensure our framework and docs are ready for LB3 users to migrate to LB4

Reviewer: I am proposing to set a more ambitious goal:

```suggestion
### Goal#1 - Enable as many LoopBack 3 users to migrate to LoopBack 4 as possible
```

Thoughts?

With LoopBack 3 going end-of-life at the end of 2020, we are continuing to focus
on the following areas:

> - provide a migration guide to help LB3 users to migrate their applications to

Reviewer: A proposal for consideration, feel free to ignore.

```suggestion
- finish the migration guide to help LB3 users to migrate their applications to
```

  LB4

> - offer some level of tooling support to make the migration is easier

Reviewer 2: nitpick: extra `is`

- fill in feature parity gaps by either implementing the features in LB4 or
  recommending a solution using existing libraries

> - add APIC/LB4 integration

Reviewer: Let's replace acronyms with full names here, I am concerned this line can be too cryptic for people outside of our team.

```suggestion
- Integrate LoopBack 4 into IBM API Connect 
```

> ### Goal#2 - Keep LoopBack staying relevant regarding latest technologies

Reviewer: Nitpick - feel free to ignore

```suggestion
### Goal#2 - Keep adopting latest technologies to stay relevant
```

While enhancing our core code base, we'd like to continue to explore the
possibility of using and/or integrating latest technologies with LoopBack 4.

Some of the areas we'd like to explore, but not limited to:

- messaging and pub/sub event style, e.g. Kafka, MQTT
- cloud native integration
- native support on GraphQL
- modernize the connector infrastructure and code base

> ### Goal#3: Nurture our contribution community to encourage more contributions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Goal#3: Nurture our community and encourage more contributions
```

Community contributions are vital to us. It not only accelerates our
development, but also helps building deep LoopBack knowledge in the community.

We would like to encourage community contributions by make available to the
community a list of GH issues that we want to finish in a short term by using

> the `help wanted` and `2020x` labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `help wanted` and `2020Qx` labels.
```
